wifivelocityd, wwand, xartstorageremoted, xsand: add page (#9113)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/xartstorageremoted.md

# xartstorageremoted

> > This is the xART Remote Storage Daemon.
> > It listens for save/fetch requests from the CoProcessor.
> > It must not be unloaded and should only be run via `launchd` when a request must be handled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> xART Remote Storage Daemon. Receives save/fetch requests from the CoProcessor.
> This should not be invoked manually.
> More information: <http://www.manpagez.com/man/8/xartstorageremoted/>.

- Start the daemon:

`xartstorageremoted`
```

# xartstorageremoted

> The xART Remote Storage Daemon. Receives save/fetch requests from the CoProcessor.

> > This should not be invoked manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> It should not be invoked manually.
```
